Hello everyone and welcome to this lecture.
In the previous lectures we went through how to load our libraries and to load our data as well.
Right so if you get the call from a previous lecture We loaded all our libraries.
And here we were able to load as well or import all our data set which is our ice cream data.
Here we have two column temperature revenue are eight in the section.
We're going to see how can we visualize the data and we're going to see as well how can we create testing
entraining dataset.
All right.
Let's get started.
So we wanted to insert some new sense does going to press a insert cells n division of the data we're
going to use a sebald library.
So when I say Okay s.a. Dot joint plot.
Okay.
And then we're going to need to pass along an extra value and our y value.
And we're going to pass along our data.
Okay.
So simply put out the data that's the easy part.
We wanted to actually or pain our ice cream they're offering.
There's our data thing here.
We prepare a single case.
Now I know the data frame but I need to specify what is what.
Which column will be using to plot on the x axis and which column going to plot on the y axis.
So if you go here we need to make sure that the naming is exactly the same on the upper case lower case
of the seam.
So this is our temperature right.
We're going to copy that going to come here.
We're going to plot the temperature on the x axis.
I say OK that's our temperature.
And I will make sure that we pass along these simply Bosso if you were going to do here looking at lifting
the revenue going to copy the revenue and we're going to go here's an pasted and we will make sure that
it's again in a sitting kind of format.
So now we have the parcel on SNL the joint plot temperature of revenue and what single came when in
these two columns out of our bedframe ice cream.
Right.
That's granite.
And that's the data looks great.
So you can see here the data looks.
It's kind of you know the temperature normally this thread that normally distributed You know we have
our revenue again normally distributed in a way.
Here we have our kind of you know like midpoint is down 20 20 in the grisi have at our midpoint is around
it's a 500 dollars and the relationship is actually pretty linear Yes there are a couple of points in
all like our like outside you know with the the kind of scatter and in a way.
But the overall idea it looks like if we pass along here a straight line that were pretty good that
will be perfect.
So simple linear regression might actually work in this case.
Right.
Okay.
So on other plot that will may be useful in that one to plot or call a peer plot in seaboard.
If you guys are not familiar with the pirit lot Please go ahead and check out the seaborne section in
the in the previous parts of the course.
So I'm going to do to say Okay s.a. Dot mean to say okay payer lots and again would get a pass along
our ice cream or dataflow nor need here to put the X and Y did.
So let's run that.
Once we hit on it that will pretty much kind of tell me what's the relationship between all the variables
that we have in our data.
So we do have our temperature you have our revenue and the temperature and again kind of you know the
change in a linear fashion.
Here we have all kind of distribution with Aperture.
We have a distribution for the revenue and we have our our revenue as well.
On the x axis versus temperature on the way access again the relationship is pretty much in your book.
The last point that we could do we're going to use a method called plot.
Let's see how can we do that going to say Okay as soon as dot plot and then we're going to pass along
go at x value which is our temperature.
Temperature.
Not going to pass along our y value which is our revenue.
So make sure it's revenue and let's pass along our data which is our ice cream cake.
Let's add on that.
Sorry there's an error here it's a CNS dart alleged plot.
My apologies.
And as you guys can see here we alleged plot is mainly used for plotting kind of oaky before doing a
machine learning before doing anything okay maybe try to pass along a line here or alenia a line or
keep the pass through the data and it actually looks pretty good.
That means you know it might be a great good option if you just wanted to use the same as the alleged
plot.
Again LMR plotted plot the best fit line that would pass along through all that they'd give you here.
We don't have much details ruthenian actually it's been didn't actually divide the data into training
data and testing data.
We were just going to do l.m. plot and they will pass on the data just to see if we can actually use
it as a line or not.
Which is you know even without running this this.
We know that a straight line would be a good candidate for this problem.
Alright the next step step forward we're going to create testing entraining data set.
OK let's see how can we do this.
So what we're going to do here.
You going to say Okay let's change the naming convention a little bit and let's define our X..
Which stand for the input we send for the input to the model and Y which sent for the output.
That's coming out of the Model K.
So going to say okay X equals 2 we're going to go into our ice cream which is outdebate offering an
organ to do here.
I'm going to say okay we are going to take our temperature right and that would be the extra value.
Let's strand that and let's take a look at the X and he we simply open our first column which is our
first column contained within our offering.
And that's our temperatures.
That's the first input to the data input to the moderate.
When I took the opiate I'm going to say occupy why equals to our ice cream and we're going to pass along
our output.
We're going to be our revenue.
Let's run there.
Let's take a look at the why.
And you will see that's the value of what.
Okay looks great.
So what we're going to do afterwards we are going to again the in the object the objective will the
section that we want to create testing ntd dataset.
If you question a member from previous from the actual lecture that we went through from the intuition
lecture.
What we do in general is that we divide our dataset into 75 percent for training and 25 percent for
testing.
In order to divide the dataset we use the team that's split from eskies learn to do this for us.
Let's say How can we do that.
OK from its killer dot model underscore selection.
We're going to import our train underscored.
Test underscored split.
This is simply kind of we're going to import from our from our library.
We're going to import this class which is quite cheap split which is really powerful will do we'll have
to go and actually split the deed ourselves.
We're just going to you know let's just call team discipline.
We'll do all the measure for us.
Let's run.
This looks good.
Next step is we're going to say okay we're going to run treen test split and then we need to pass along
the arguments.
We're going to pass on the input first.
That's an X which is our input that's along our output which is why.
And then he'd wanted to specify our ratio.
Okay.
How are we going to divide it 25 percent 75 percent.
That's kind of an old rule of thumb but that's not the general rule.
Some people can say okay maybe 30 percent 70 percent maybe it's let's say 20 percent 80 percent here
and say okay I'm going to say OK test underscore size equals two point two five.
And simply hearing you call the team they're split the teens to train this split.
Well it's going to really turn back our next train.
Our X test our y train n our y test.
All right.
OK.
What do you mean by this.
Simply put.
Once we run this basically time again we're going to pass along the Inspire entire column.
It's all going to pass along our X column.
He was puzzling of why column entry and they're split.
We're going to divide the data for us into training data exchange NYT and into testing did extent than
white test using this reissue which is 25 percent 75 percent.
All right let's have a little see what's going to happen.
OK.
Looks good and successful.
Let's take a look of then at extreme one extreme.
Who goes first.
That is very important observation.
First step is you'll find that the data here number of columns of 375 which make sense.
That's simply 75 percent out of 500 samples.
If we take a look let's say at our.
X test.
If we'd done it again you would find there.
We have the rest of the deed which is 125 rows makes complete sense.
One key element here is that what X were take to split do as well.
It does kind of shuffling to the dealer so you can see other indices have changes dramatically.
Right so before it was actually in an ascending order the forgets can see you're in that origin of data
set here.
It has been shuffled which is great.
That's a good thing.
Why.
Because when we treat our model we want to make sure that the model doesn't capture kind of you know
the v.v. independency that the data for example is going in ascending order or in a descending order.
Will just want to shuffle the data.
That's a good thing.
That means the model going to generalize better.
All right.
So now we take a look at the extreme.
It's 375 semples and expressed they are 125 semples as well.
Let's take a look at why train.
Why team again they are saying that 75 percent of there's a shuffle too.
And let's take a look as well.
Why tests.
If they could look at why tests were on it again we have a couple of simple see.
The rest of the semples which is 125 attempts are eight.
So now it's a good time for a quick challenge.
Let's assume though you want to split our set in to 65 percent training in 55 percent testing.
Please go ahead and pause the video and try to achieve kind of that challenge.
All right again we're going to pause.
Please go ahead.
Up on the video it's supposed to be very kind of quick easy challenge and then we're going to solve
the challenge right after the break.
All right I hope you guys were able to do that challenge.
So what I ask in the challenge is they wanted to divide the data set instead of 25 percent forward training
25 percent for testing 75 percent training.
I wanted to divide it into 65 percent training and 35 percent testing.
So in order to do that what they need to do here that they wanted to come here instead of point to five
I want to set a two point three five.
Okay.
And that's it.
Let's actually make sure that that you know what we have done here is correct let's say the cell and
let's go here and run this cell that would be so extreme.
And let's take a look at the size of the exchange if you can see here here we have 325 rolls which is
pretty pretty which is pretty much right.
That means that 65 percent of our data is changing.
Let's run out west again shift entries to run the cells.
If we go down here you will see that we have 100 in 75 instead of 100 and 25.
That means he and we shifted the deal a little bit into more testing compared to training.
If you go to ytn Let's run it again or go down you would find there is through 325.
Why test.
You will find that if you go down here they will become 175.
Right okay.
Are you hoping the challenge was pretty pretty easy and straightforward.
Let's recap what we have done so far.
So in this section we went through step three and step four.
We're able to go ahead and visual of the data using as soon as the joint plot.
And we saw that straight line will be perfect in this case.
We use the pin plot to view the data as well and we use ascent as the alarm plot to just quickly draw
a straight line with the best straight line that fits the data and we see the streetlight and actually
work pretty well in this case.
And here we were able to opt in our X and Y which is you know indicates our input and output for our
model and we able to as well use chain test plitt to divide the data set in two again testing data and
taking data exchange for training an X test for testing.
And we divide the data set.
In general the rule of thumb is 25 percent 75 percent.
And we get a kind of a quick challenge to go ahead and change it to 65 percent for training and 35 percent
for testing our right.
And that's very much what we have with this lecture.
I hope you enjoyed it and see you in the next lecture.